Synthetics getting started guide (#6147)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/_index.md

    {{< nextlink href="/getting_started/logs" >}}<u>Logs</u>: Send your first logs and use Log processing to enrich them.{{< /nextlink >}}
    {{< nextlink href="/getting_started/tracing" >}}<u>Tracing</u>: Learn about tracing by setting up the Agent to trace a small application.{{< /nextlink >}}
    {{< nextlink href="/getting_started/api" >}}<u>API</u>: Get started on Datadog HTTP API.{{< /nextlink >}}

>     {{< nextlink href="/getting_started/synthetics" >}}<u>Synthetics</u>: Create your first synthetics test.{{< /nextlink >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {{< nextlink href="/getting_started/synthetics" >}}<u>Synthetics</u>: Start monitoring your API endpoints and key business journeys with Synthetics tests.{{< /nextlink >}}
```
